I'll have to beat Xiaohu hard later
Just such a thing can also be recruited into the Heaven and Earth Alliance
Dad, please forgive Uncle Tiger
He worked so hard to save me yesterday
Uncle, what is your relationship with Master Tiger?
Why do you feel that Master Tiger seems to respect you?
Is Master Tiger's kung fu taught by his eldest brother?
Well, no wonder.
Uncle, you are great
Uncle, when will you teach me kung fu?
Scatter
What kind of kung fu do you study?
Are you the one?
Why am I not?
Protect you after learning Guangwu from me
Bah, I don't know what you think
I'm not afraid you don't know
My husband will be here soon.
How dare you put on airs here?
I'll tell you what.
What my Suzaku would want
Never missed.
That's right, my dad was right
You rich people are fat pigs
As long as I have a knife in my hand
If I want to kill you, I will kill you
If you want to rob you, rob you
Your money is my money
Just the level of Red Daying
We don't play like that anymore.
Sister, what do you and little mother usually play?
War munitions
Support military law
Open a company monopoly
Selling a house is no faster than robbing money
Hmph, you really can whistle
It's okay to let them blow
Wait for my dad to come
You can only kneel and cry
Then hurry up.
Finish packing your dad
We still have to cut the cake
What a big breath